# box
Type and memory safe dynamically allocated generic container for C
## Usage
The library provides a container for a single or multiple values of any built in (int, float, char...) or external / user-defined (SDL_Rect, MyStruct...) types. Generate custom code for the desired type(s) with BOX_GEN(T) in a dedicated header file or directly above main(). This macro generates all the function forward declarations and typedef-s on a text-replacement basis, because of this, you cannot use multi-word type names such as, "unsigned int". If such a type is desired, create a custom one-word typedef for the type or use the <sys/types.h> header which provides abbreviations such as uint. Similarly, if a pointer type is desired (such as char*), you must create a custom type (for example: typedef char* string;). If the printing functionality is required and the type is easily printable (unlike complex types like SDL_Rect), the corresponding function declaration can be generated with GEN_BOX_PRINT(T).

Once the necessary function declarations have been added, you must generate the corresponding implementations as well usign GEN_BOX_IMPL(T). If you need printing functionality, the GEN_BOX_PRINT_IMPL(T, format) macro must be called where T is the type name and format is the format string for the type ("%d" for int, "%f" for float, etc...).

For convenience, AUTO() and AUTO_BOX() macros are provided. AUTO() behaves similarly to a user_defined type and is designed to automatically handle the freeing of dynamically allocated memory when the corresponding variable goes out of scope. This macro only handles the freeing of an object, not the actual allocation of the data. It is intended to be used for creating the out argument for the get_box_data function since it requires dynamically allocated memory. Example usage is AUTO(int) *my_int = NULL;. Keep in mind that in order for AUTO() to work, you need to call the GEN_AUTO() and GEN_AUTO_IMPL macros.
AUTO_BOX() can be used for any box type that was declared with GEN_BOX() and defined with GEN_BOX_IMPL(). No other function calls are necessary for AUTO_BOX() to work. Just like with AUTO(), the memory deallocation happens automatically when the variable created with this macro goes out of scope.

The generated types are all opaque, because of this it is recommended to put the *_IMPL() macro calls in a separate .c file for proper encapsulation.
